I don't think I've ever recorded a vlog
as light as this it is it is 10 past 10
and we are doing a world's first well we
was up until the point where Katie said
she didn't want to be in it so she is
looking so if you hear Katie shouting
out film titles it's because we're
booking a was it cinema cinema on a
rooftop in London but more importantly
this is what's special this is what's
going to be really interesting about
this vlog we are doing the legendary
Virgin Media v6 unboxing hold onto your
hands
now first things first I need to just
make everybody aware this this is a
install yourself kit I'm excited Kate's
excited Jed is really excited absolutely
sound out right okay I was asleep about
20 minutes ago and Katie Katie thinks
I'm talking to the internet now I'm not
I'm just talking to the phone but that's
why she won't why you looking like that
I don't think she does now it works
we've got to under these safety things I
think of everything virgin I tell what I
think this is going to be the vlog that
projects this channel into the
stratosphere check this in media welcome
to the party ready to install call now
let's see what's inside calling please
get lift this bit like let's see what's
inside
Oh goodies the Internet I love this stop
shaking your head gently stay right well
we got an Ethernet cable
another HDMI hang on we're missing
something
well
what's going on here I thought we was
getting a new hub it looks like a bloody
modem tie like that Kate that's good
that's good good marketing I thought we
were getting a new modem though for the
broadband everybody's gonna love this
no let they love it more get loads of
comments why is Katie not in the vlog
why is Katie not in the block telling
you it's true right so we've got a new
remote control let's check this out
so exciting same as the old one
Katie put the batteries in we've got
coax in HDMI Ethernet and power right
okay let's plug this in so for those of
you as sad as I am this is the new
virgin v6 box which does 4k UHD 4k boom
haven't got a 4k TV so this is the old
TiVo box and this is the new v6 box look
at that that much more space we can put
things there like a rabbit or a here now
I know the viewers are going to be very
very interested to know this but usually
when we connect up to our boxes
connecting via this cable here oh no not
on the new v6 box we go in with coax
into a conventional kind of RF cable how
Groovy's that this is bringing you the
detail not like some of these youtubers
that just skip over the detail this is
what's making a noise the box is on it
looks pretty damn dull did you do the
controller that was your only job those
Stevens vlogs bring you the information
the matters in a style totally unique
they'll give you the batteries
installing software why don't you give
us your comprehensive review on the
controllers Katie go show me tell me
what the differences are show all the
viewers of YouTube they'll be right
there exactly they're exactly the same
what you got it on there just one's just
smaller look the box is smaller the
controller is smaller and that's how it
works
fill the likes I can fill the views I
can fill the subscriptions pouring in
from this
can't imagine it ever failing I'd say
one thing I didn't think about when
we've done this when you're ready call
to get your kit online is wherever
that's 24 hour because it's gotta be
nearly aft 10 now back I'll be totally
honest with you Kate I think the viewers
would have appreciated your
comprehensive review on the two
controllers old TiVo controller versus
the new v6 controller it was riveting
full and in-depth and will no doubt rack
up the likes I'm sure what do you think
and there you have it I can feel the
tension camel I have a feeling that I
don't think Kate's taking this
comprehensive unboxing of the new virgin
v6 box seriously but I think she's
probably just overcome with excitement
and can't wait to get get get going with
that new controller we'll see very
important update for the viewers of the
v6 unboxing we have a new light on the
box prepare yourself to arrows
one point in that way one point in this
way this channel is bringing you the
excitement that the people want two
arrows on a virgin v6 box mod five Dave
Stevens virgin v6 review update here the
arrows on the v6 box have gone off for
those of you still tuned into this vlog
don't say that I think we need to phone
them so I'm just going to phone them now
I'm sure they'll be there good evening
and welcome to Virgin Media
looks like you've ordered a quick start
package yes we have you activate your
new equipment please press one plug your
equipment in switch it on what's time
it's not Chico time what's the time off
a fuck sake can you just press ok so
your only job to do is press ok and can
you just fucking press it right ok it's
setup I only took 40 minutes just as I
said start TV speed test press the
button give us a remote ok I won't bore
you with this can you do it you can do
this go on then
Katie's Katie in the girls I've had this
newfound sort of burning their bras top
scenario where they've put up a blind
today took them five and a half hours
three people and one builder to saw
something because I was incapable of
doing it put up a blind and lo and
behold the blind is that wrong isn't it
it's not upright is it it's not is it
it's not even upright
which I said because they fight Tommy
early run in and die and they said blind
up where's your picture please don't do
anything please do not draw anything I
thought that was in my house there
wasn't there was in Amy's house go
fucking nuts drill what you like I don't
care but it just proves a point
women are use na right let's see if
we've got all channels because we should
have all channels as a result of this
now go we've got all channels baby and
that concludes your very comprehensive
installation review of the Virgin v6 box
motherfuckers have stiffed us we haven't
got all the channels get on the case
okay that's this okay one very very very
last thing just did a quick speed test
after instantly installing the new v6
box using still the same hub that we got
before which I think it's called the
Infinity hub or whatever is over Wi-Fi
219 Meg's download 12 Meg upload Yahoo
Virgin Yahoo that's the end